This file contains information about the diagrams produced by the debugger.

Change descriptors are denoted by circles. The color of the circle denotes the
type of the change descriptor: white for NOOP, green for BIT, and blue for BYTE.
Information about the change descriptor is written inside the circle; what
information is there depends on the type.

All change descriptors have an address. NOOP change descriptors may have a block
or an owner, but they are not required to. BIT and BYTE change descriptors
always have both. (A change descriptor is "on a block, at an owner.") BYTE
change descriptors have an offset and length; BIT change descriptors have an
offset and a bitmask. These are denoted as colon-separated values inside square
brackets.

The color of the text is also significant. Black text is normal; blue text
indicates that the change descriptor has been written (i.e. the CHDESC_WRITTEN
flag is set). Red text indicates that the change descriptor is being freed.

The outline of a change descriptor may be black, green, or red. Black is normal;
green indicates that it is ready to be written (i.e. the CHDESC_READY flag is
set), and red indicates that it is marked. A change descriptor that is both
ready and marked appears red. The outline may also be dashed, in addition to
having a color. When the outline is dashed, it means that the change descriptor
is rolled back.

The arrows between change descriptors can be any of four colors. Black and blue
arrows are for dependencies; red and orange arrows are for free list pointers. A
black arrow from A to B means that A has a dependency on B. A blue arrow from A
to B means that B has A as a dependent. A red arrow from A to B means that the
next change descriptor in the free list after A is B. An orange arrow from A to
B means that the previous change descriptor in the free list before B is A.

There may also be yellow boxes with green arrows pointing at change descriptors.
These represent weak references. The value in the yellow box is the address of
the weak reference.

Usually, the free list is collapsed into just the head of the list, which is
displayed inside a dashed red box with a label indicating how many additional
change descriptors are in the free list. Displaying the whole free list is
optional, and when enabled the entire free list appears inside the dashed red
box.
